Added clarification for Chromebook hacks (#414)
dortania/OpenCore-Install-Guide: config-laptop.plist/kaby-lake.md

![Booter](../images/config/config-universal/aptio-iv-booter.png)

> This section is dedicated to quirks relating to boot.efi patching with OpenRuntime, the replacement for AptioMemoryFix.efi

Reviewer: Ahh I completely blanked on this!
This line should be put back.

Author: No worries, I'll do that right now.

> * **ProtectMemoryReigons**: YES

Reviewer: This should go about 20 lines down into the existing Quirks section. Content looks good, just needs to be put in the right section. Make sure it's in alphabetical order with the other quirks.

Author: Ahh, my bad! I didn't even notice there was an already existing section for it lmao. Should be fixed now, I added the quirk under the "More details" tab too.

### Quirks

::: tip Info

> Settings relating to boot.efi patching and firmware fixes, for most users, leave it as default.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Settings relating to boot.efi patching and firmware fixes. For most users, leave it as default.
```

> * **ProtectMemoryReigons**: YES

Reviewer: Regions is misspelled, should be `ProtectMemoryRegions`. Think the same mistake is made down below

  * Used for Slide variable calculation. However the necessity of this quirk is determined by `OCABC: Only N/256 slide values are usable!` message in the debug log. If the message `OCABC: All slides are usable! You can disable ProvideCustomSlide!` is present in your log, you can disable `ProvideCustomSlide`.
* **SetupVirtualMap**: YES
  * Fixes SetVirtualAddresses calls to virtual addresses, required for Gigabyte boards to resolve early kernel panics

> * **ProtectMemoryReigons**: YES

Reviewer: Should go before ProvideCustomSlide. Also Regions is misspelled.

>   * Patches the CSM/MIMO regions to better support coreboot. Necessary for all Chromebooks that utilize coreboot UEFI firmware.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * Patches memory region types for incorrectly mapped CSM/MMIO regions. Necessary for all Chromebooks that utilize coreboot UEFI firmware.
```

    | framebuffer-con1-alldata | Data | `01050A00 00080000 87010000` |
    | framebuffer-con2-enable | Data | `01000000` |
    | framebuffer-con2-alldata | Data | `03060A00 00040000 87010000` |

>  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

| boot-args | Description |
| :--- | :--- |

> | -v | This enables verbose mode, which shows all the behind-the-scenes text that scrolls by as you're booting instead of the Apple logo and progress bar. It's invaluable to any Hackintosher, as it gives you an inside look at the boot process, and can help you identify issues, problem kexts, etc. |
> | debug=0x100 | This disables macOS's watchdog which helps prevents a reboot on a kernel panic. That way you can *hopefully* glean some useful info and follow the breadcrumbs to get past the issues. |
> | keepsyms=1 | This is a companion setting to debug=0x100 that tells the OS to also print the symbols on a kernel panic. That can give some more helpful insight as to what's causing the panic itself. |
> | alcid=1 | Used for setting layout-id for AppleALC, see [supported codecs](https://github.com/acidanthera/applealc/wiki/supported-codecs) to figure out which layout to use for your specific system. More info on this is covered in the [Post-Install Page](https://dortania.github.io/OpenCore-Post-Install/) |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **-v** | This enables verbose mode, which shows all the behind-the-scenes text that scrolls by as you're booting instead of the Apple logo and progress bar. It's invaluable to any Hackintosher, as it gives you an inside look at the boot process, and can help you identify issues, problem kexts, etc. |
| **debug=0x100** | This disables macOS's watchdog which helps prevents a reboot on a kernel panic. That way you can *hopefully* glean some useful info and follow the breadcrumbs to get past the issues. |
| **keepsyms=1** | This is a companion setting to debug=0x100 that tells the OS to also print the symbols on a kernel panic. That can give some more helpful insight as to what's causing the panic itself. |
| **alcid=1** | Used for setting layout-id for AppleALC, see [supported codecs](https://github.com/acidanthera/applealc/wiki/supported-codecs) to figure out which layout to use for your specific system. More info on this is covered in the [Post-Install Page](https://dortania.github.io/OpenCore-Post-Install/) |
```

Reviewer: Looks good otherwise though

| boot-args | Description |
| :--- | :--- |
| `-v` | This enables verbose mode, which shows all the behind-the-scenes text that scrolls by as you're booting instead of the Apple logo and progress bar. It's invaluable to any Hackintosher, as it gives you an inside look at the boot process, and can help you identify issues, problem kexts, etc. |
| `debug=0x100` | This disables macOS's watchdog which helps prevents a reboot on a kernel panic. That way you can *hopefully* glean some useful info and follow the breadcrumbs to get past the issues. |
| `keepsyms=1` | This is a companion setting to debug=0x100 that tells the OS to also print the symbols on a kernel panic. That can give some more helpful insight as to what's causing the panic itself. |

> | `alcid=1` | Used for setting layout-id for AppleALC, see [supported codecs](https://github.com/acidanthera/applealc/wiki/supported-codecs) to figure out which layout to use for your specific system. More info on this is covered in the [Post-Install Page](https://dortania.github.io/OpenCore-Post-Install/) |

Reviewer: These should be reverted

* **GPU-Specific boot-args**:

| boot-args | Description |
| :--- | :--- |

> | **`-wegnoegpu`** | Used for disabling all other GPUs than the integrated Intel iGPU, useful for those wanting to run newer versions of macOS where their dGPU isn't supported |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **-wegnoegpu** | Used for disabling all other GPUs than the integrated Intel iGPU, useful for those wanting to run newer versions of macOS where their dGPU isn't supported |
```

> |`-igfxnotelemetryload` | Disables iGPU telemetry loading that may cause a freeze during startup on certain laptops such as Chromebooks on macOS 10.15 and higher, see [here](https://github.com/acidanthera/WhateverGreen#intel-hd-graphics) for more information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **-igfxnotelemetryload** | Disables iGPU telemetry loading that may cause a freeze during startup on certain laptops such as Chromebooks on macOS 10.15 and higher, see [here](https://github.com/acidanthera/WhateverGreen#intel-hd-graphics) for more information.
```

| boot-args | Description |
| :--- | :--- |
| **-wegnoegpu** | Used for disabling all other GPUs than the integrated Intel iGPU, useful for those wanting to run newer versions of macOS where their dGPU isn't supported |

> |**-igfxnotelemetryload** | Disables iGPU telemetry loading that may cause a freeze during startup on certain laptops such as Chromebooks on macOS 10.15 and higher, see [here](https://github.com/acidanthera/WhateverGreen#intel-hd-graphics) for more information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|**-igfxnotelemetryload** | Prevents iGPU telemetry from loading. iGPU telemetry may cause a freeze during startup on certain laptops such as Chromebooks on macOS 10.15 and higher, see [here](https://github.com/acidanthera/WhateverGreen#intel-hd-graphics) for more information.
```

Reviewer: Think this works a bit better, feel free to edit further.
